feat(IParallelAwareJob): Document setAllowParallelRuns (#10097)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/basics/backgroundjobs.rst

This allows the Nextcloud to delay the job until a given nightly time window so the users
are not that impacted by the heavy load of the background job.

Configuring parallelism

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: Don't recall the syntax, but:

.. versionadded 27

Author: ah, right. Heh, yeah, the syntax on these things is really wack

> With resource-heavy background jobs that run for longer than a few minutes, be they ``QueuedJob`` and ``TimedJob`` instances, you may want to restrict parallelism to prevent multiple such jobs from clogging up your machine's resources. You can do this with the ``setAllowParallelRuns`` method of ``OCP\BackgroundJob\Job`` (``QueuedJob`` and ``TimedJob`` both inherit from this class, so they also have this available).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With resource-heavy background jobs that run for longer than a few minutes, be they ``QueuedJob`` and ``TimedJob`` instances, you may want to restrict parallelism to prevent multiple such jobs from clogging up the server's resources. You can do this with the ``setAllowParallelRuns`` method of ``OCP\BackgroundJob\Job`` (``QueuedJob`` and ``TimedJob`` both inherit from this class, so they also have this available).
```
